Added new point to Standards (#1)
HarbourMasters/code-of-conduct: README.md

  without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

> * If there is a feature you want to be added, be patient, or be willing to put in the effort to make it possible. Do not demand that others do the work for you.

Reviewer: Trying to make this wording fit better with the rest of the unacceptable behavior examples

```suggestion
* Demading others do work for you. Instead, either ask nicely and be patient, or put in the effort to make it possible. 
```

Reviewer: Also, we should probably put this above the "other" line, that feels like it makes sense as the last thing on the list

Author: Fair point. Updated.
